Update maxSurge setting description (#4095)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/update-strategy.asciidoc

      maxSurge: 3
      maxUnavailable: 1
----

> `maxSurge`: Refers to the number of extra Pods that can be temporarily scheduled exceeding the number of Pods defined in the specification. This setting is useful for controlling the resource usage of the Kubernetes cluster when new Pods need to be spun up to replace existing Pods. This setting is only relevant when some existing nodeSets are removed and new nodeSets are added. In this case, `MaxSurge` can prevent all Pods from the new nodeSet to be added, before some Pods of the old nodeSets are removed. Without the `MaxSurge` restriction, the cluster may temporarily contain a lot more more Pods than requested in the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`maxSurge`: Refers to the number of extra Pods that can be temporarily scheduled exceeding the number of Pods defined in the specification. This setting is useful for controlling the resource usage of the Kubernetes cluster when nodeSet configuration changes and new Pods need to be spun up to replace existing Pods. `MaxSurge` restricts the number of extra pods that can be running at any given point in time. If you have a large Elasticsearch cluster or a Kubernetes cluster running near capacity, not setting `maxSurge` could cause the newly created pods to temporarily use up all available spare resource capacity in the Kubernetes cluster and starve other workloads running there.
```

> `maxSurge`: Refers to the number of extra Pods that can be temporarily scheduled exceeding the number of Pods defined in the specification. This setting is useful for controlling the resource usage of the Kubernetes cluster when new Pods need to be spun up to replace existing Pods. This setting is only relevant when some existing nodeSets are removed and new nodeSets are added. In this case, `MaxSurge` can prevent all Pods from the new nodeSet to be added, before some Pods of the old nodeSets are removed. Without the `MaxSurge` restriction, the cluster would temporarily contain twice as many Pods as usual while this operation is in progress.

Reviewer 2: I would probably change
```
the cluster would temporarily contain twice as many Pods as usual while this operation is in progress.
```

to
```
the cluster may temporarily contain a lot more more Pods than requested in the specification
```

since "twice" here is not accurate.
